Yesterday was the first day back to school for me.  
It's been a long time since I've worked my brain as hard, not that I've been doing nothing for the past seven years of my life, just nothing that challenged me as much.  

In perspective this was a very much appreciated moment, to be in a environment that will challenge everything that you know, and potentially change how you view things.


The first excercise of getting back into simple math, reopened my eyes to how I see numbers.  
Converting decimals into binary and hexadecimals allowed me to see that numbers can be represented in so many ways.  
Even though the processes are different they still correlate with eachother and still hold the same value.  

With my mind finally being able to comprehend what is expected, it's allowing me to scratch the surface of thinking a little more out of the box to find solutions.  
Never would I have looked at the number 10 and think it equals 1010 or A.


I'm looking forward to continuing this journey to open my mind to new potentials that may come from learning how to use these new tools and concepts.  
There is a mixture of excitement and fear of failure, but in essence this is what it is to grow and achieve.  


If there is no fear of failure than you may not be doing something that is bettering yourself. 
For my hope in learning is not only to better myself, but my family and its future.


With this in mind, my goal is set.  
First to achieve and complete fundamentals 1.  
Without achieving this goal I cannot go any further.  
Goal 2 is to complete fundamentals 2 so that I can conitnue with my overall goal of becoming a developer.
Change is a scary thing.
But hope is a beautiful thing to hold to.
With change there is hope.
With hope there is a chance.
With a chance there is opportunity.
With opportunity there is possibility for success.
With success, there is confidence.
With confidence, there is self-esteem. 
Here's to step 1 of changing this life.

Here's to step one of becoming a better person.

Here's to a new exciting career in developing.

Developers Rule!!

Amen!!